W-15677476 : Salesforce OMS to ERP Integration Documentation (#122)
mulesoft/docs-accelerators: salesforce-oms/1.1/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= MuleSoft Accelerator for Salesforce OMS
:salesforce-oms-version: {page-component-version}

> The MuleSoft Accelerator for Salesforce OMS enables you to integrate your Order Management System (OMS) with external business partners and application ecosystems by leveraging the application and B2B integration capabilities of Anypoint Platform. The solution accelerates the implementation of Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) messaging and other integrations into Salesforce OMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MuleSoft Accelerator for Salesforce OMS enables you to integrate your Order Management System (OMS) with external business partners and application ecosystems by leveraging the application and Business-to-Business (B2B) integration capabilities of Anypoint Platform. The solution accelerates the implementation of Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) messaging and other integrations into Salesforce OMS.
```

> == Use Case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Use Cases
```

=== B2B EDI Order Lifecycle Automation

The https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/0b4cad67-8f23-4ffe-a87f-ffd10a1f6873/mulesoft-accelerator-for-salesforce-oms/minor/{salesforce-oms-version}/pages/B2B%20EDI%20Order%20Lifecycle%20Automation/[B2B EDI Order Lifecycle Automation] use case lets you add EDI as a direct order intake channel to manage and service EDI orders across the full order management lifecycle. 

> === Salesforce OMS to ERP Integration for order fulfillment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Salesforce OMS to ERP Integration for Order Fulfillment
```

> The https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/0b4cad67-8f23-4ffe-a87f-ffd10a1f6873/mulesoft-accelerator-for-salesforce-oms/minor/{salesforce-oms-version}/pages/Use%20case%202%20-%20Salesforce%20OMS%20to%20ERP%20Integration%20for%20order%20fulfillment/[Salesforce OMS to ERP Integration] use case lets you add EDI as a direct order intake channel to manage and service EDI orders across the full order management lifecycle. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add EDI as a direct order intake channel to manage and service EDI orders across the full order management lifecycle by leveraging the prebuilt solutions in the https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/exchange/0b4cad67-8f23-4ffe-a87f-ffd10a1f6873/mulesoft-accelerator-for-salesforce-oms/minor/{salesforce-oms-version}/pages/Use%20case%202%20-%20Salesforce%20OMS%20to%20ERP%20Integration%20for%20order%20fulfillment/[Salesforce OMS to ERP Integration] use case. 
```
